Sorry for the delay. It's my fault. I don't know. There might be a word for this. It's
an Uber thing. I filled out the Uber thing, but I didn't hit the request button. I put
it back in my pocket. I hate to advertise for Uber, but it's become such a big part
of my life, and it's so convenient that I didn't notice that I didn't do it all the
way. Then I looked at 7.45. It was like I pulled out the phone, and it's like, yeah,
anytime you want to say that you want someone to start thinking about picking you up, it's
fine, and I was like, Harmon, not a good way to start the show, especially when you're
going to start it late. You don't come out with a dumb, boring story of why you're late.
Don't do that. Carol will turn on you. He'll turn on you. Thank you, thank you. Said he
loved me. Choking. Why are we ashamed to do it? We've talked about that. You start choking
up food, your first instinct. I'm going to get out of here. I'm going to get out of
this restaurant. People are going to see me choking. When did we talk about this? I just
imagine we did, because it seems like we would have. I mean, it is embarrassing to choke,
because you're saying, look at me failing at the only thing we're designed to do as
humans. That was Cody's theory, but I wanted to add to that. I think it's also like, our
throats are reverse buttholes. They're private to us. It's glottal and gooey. That's the
threshold before we consider this to be stinky, gross factory of violence and everything we're
ashamed of. On a deep level, we have body shame. We all worry about, I mean, there's a couple
of us that don't worry about it, but getting our clothes suddenly ripped off and our body
being laid bare. We think about that as being shame, but we don't even have a word for the
level of shame we have about our actual intestines, like saving Private Ryan when the people are
walking around and they're like, oh, God. I'm so embarrassed about this, because they don't
feel the pain yet. The pain is not an issue. Right then, they're feeling like, my arm is
off and they're going, I look like a dick to myself. No one else is going, what a dick.
But it's what we feel, and so when you're choking, I mean, I swear to God. Do you think
there's something about sphincters that make us shameful like inherently? Wait, about what?
Sphincters. Oh, sphincters. You're saying we're embarrassed of our throat buttholes. Yeah,
we, I think that if you present a human being or any biological organism with an image of
a thing that has a sphincter on it, which is a spot in a membrane or a case where things
come to an elastic but snug airtight. It sure is, Dan. I think we side with everything
inside the sphincter, but we also, we are ashamed of it. Like the inside of anything
that's sealed off from the outside world represents us shamefully. When push comes to shove, we
side with the sphincter. Yeah. Well, sphincters are threshold. We side with the dark side
of the sphincter. Right. With all the shits, sir, yes. Jesus, this audience. All right.
So Andy Dick has rescheduled. Yeah, yeah. And I only mentioned it because of the appropriateness
of it. He and Dina will be back on September 11th. And I think it's okay to say this, but
I don't even know which week, so you'll just have to keep coming to the show. We got some
of those Duffer brothers coming today. Yeah, yeah. But we only got, yeah, a lot of people
don't know this. There's nine Duff brothers. There's three Duffer, three of the Duffer
ones of the nine are the ones that make the show that you like. But there's two Duffist
brothers that they're so Duff they don't even work in entertainment. Like they're just relaxed.
Those are the people you want on your show. But we got some Duffer brothers. There's weed
oil lube. I don't know. I guess you can put it on your privates. All right. We'll just
talk about Trump all night. Who ironically hates children. He hates children. All right.
So Obama, he's going to visit the flood zone. Oh shit. Didn't they tell him not to? Oh shit.
Thank you. It's funny when you're the president, you have to visit the disasters. It's kind
of, I'd realize what would happen if you didn't. And sometimes they don't. But it's funny,
just the idea of being a president and visiting a disaster is funny. It's hilarious. Because
it's like, because he's like show, I mean, you know, we need, no, you know, what's he
going to do? He's just like, I mean, I understand it's a symbolic thing. It's like, you do
want it to happen, but it is also still funny from a logical perspective. It's like, it's
very silly. He's just like, here he is. It's like, here it is. So all the water, from where
it was to where it shouldn't be. He gets off the plane and is like, whoa. Yeah. This is
fucked up. You guys are fucked up. Yeah, that's fucked up. And then I'll make a speech and
I'll go, I talked to Carl, whose house was inundated with water. And Carl will be like,
thank you for mentioning it. This is, yeah, this is like, you can't make those up in a
flood, in a flood speech. No, you got to, you got to, he's doing research. He's going
to get the personal stories. Hello. Did you get flooded? Yes, Mr. President. Okay. Great.
What's your name? Tara. T-A-R-A. Yep. Okay. Flooding for you was bad. Yes. You owned
a lot of dry things. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Do, do, do, do, do. Oh, give me the high sign
when our first guests get here, just so I know, because I'll bring them up. It's a good
idea. Cool. Oh, Spencer, that, I'm interpreting that as you thinking the show is going poorly.
Oh, it is. It's terrible. Okay. It's going to be a bad show. It's good to be on the same
page. Sorry, guys. I'm going to face over here for the next five minutes. Okay. Well,
you just, at least just come, can she sit up here, at least? That's weirder, isn't it?
That's why I follow the weirdness. Let's make children uncomfortable. See, this is bad,
right? We're having a fun time. Do you want to, do you want to hold a microphone and make
her voice real loud? She knows that. Do you, do you want to tell us your name? You can,
it can be a... My name's Madeline. Madeline? Is it Marilyn or Madeline? Madeline. What,
you're going to say? You're going to say something? It's okay. I'm, I'm, I've been uncomfortable
for 43 years. It's not going to stop. She was telling you something. Did she, do you
know what she wanted you to... She was saying her name. It's true. She was. The thing that
she was answering was her name. Yeah. Madeline, I guess, I guess you're probably sick of answering
this question, but how old are you? Four. Four. You get that all the time, right? That's
where the interview stops. You're like, if another, if another person asks how old I
am, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to smash a, I can't even do
any bits of it. Yeah. Don't worry about it. Madeline, so four years, you were born of
like when I, I weighed five less pounds. Nothing has really happened in my life since, in the
last four years, but for you, it's been a real roller coaster ride. Do you, do you, do you,
you don't, you can't, you don't, you don't have prenatal memories, do you? Do you know
what, do you, do you have any idea of, do you remember your birth at all? No. It's probably
traumatic. I think it's. This is probably traumatic. I'm sure, I think being born probably
makes Vietnam look like a jimboree. We're on vacation, so. Oh, really? So it's a family
vacation? Okay. Just me and her. So you're saying, but I want you to tell, let these
people know at, at home, you're saying I, I don't have to filter my show through four
year old ears. No, go for it. Okay. It's your show. All right. Madeline, do you, do you,
do you have anything that you're, you're super into, like trains or polar bears or dinosaurs
or, I mean, you don't have to pick a thing. I don't want to limit my little pony. Like,
you know, I don't, I'm not going to pigeonhole you, but, you know, like, maybe a frozen character.
Rick. Oh. She loves, she loves Rick. Rick is her Elsa. It's a, it's a new, it's a, it's,
it's a new generation. So do, do your parents are, do you admire them or do you ever think
I act like, like these guys, they don't, they don't know what they're talking about. I asked
them who invented peanut butter and jelly and they said they didn't know. Yeah. Yeah. Is
the world a happy place? Is it, by and large, is it stress free or is it a stressful place?
Like when you wake up in the morning or you stressed out, do you feel anxiety? Do you
know what anxiety is? I'm sure. Must be nice. Do you get dressed by yourself or do you still
get dressed? Does everybody need to help you put dress, your dress? I can do it myself.
It's great. That's great. How's, are you going to school yet? Do you? I only go to Flamenco.
You only go, wait, wait, to, to Flamenco? She, she takes Flamenco classes. Flamenco, she
only goes to Flamenco class. She's, she's starting school when you get back, but. You
don't know, you know, that's a, that's a dance. You don't know any steps yet. Do you just
start it? You don't want to show us a Flamenco dance? That's all right. Privacy is a, is
a scarce thing in this post millennial age. You're, you're part of the new generation
that's going to like crave silence and bicycles. She actually has her own YouTube channel.
That's why she passed a thousand subscribers. Well, you, we, we should plug it probably.
What's, what's the, what's the YouTube channel? Can we go there? Do you want to do the intro
for that? I, I'm daddy. It's, I show my daughter trailers. All right. Well, we, we, we won't
go there and freak you out. You can keep, keep practicing and you can come back on the show
and let us know when you're ready to, ready to share your Flamenco with the public. All
right, Madeline, you want to go back and, and, and silently wonder what is happening
on this. Oh, she does that. Okay, we'll stick around. All right, fine. I'm really setting
myself up for this. Do you think the show is going okay so far? Thank you.
Didn't matter. Oh my God. Okay. So, oh, do we have, are we, it looks like we have, okay,
let's bring out our, our old friends Cameron and Rhea, Cameron Esposito and Rhea Butcher.
It's just me right now, Dan. I'm sorry. It's just me right now. I'm so sorry you guys.
I know that, thank you. I know that people are either fans of Cameron or fans of me.
So the people who are only fans of Cameron, I apologize.
Oh man. Well, that means, I'm going to, I'm going to come over there. Great. Dan's coming
over here. I got to move my chapstick and my shit. Sorry. I have to take my chapstick
out of my pocket because these jeans are tight. So hello, Dan. All right. Well, so you guys
have a heart out. Hello. We have, this is Madeline. Madeline, nice to meet you. Oh, you don't
know what this is. I get it. She's four. Right. Yeah. Yeah. But she has a, she has a YouTube
channel and she does flamenco. She's taking flamenco lessons. Amazing. All I know about
her. She's probably a Republican. She's got great shoes. I love your shoes. Fantastic
shoes. Great. She's adorable. So, okay. So, take my wife. I just, I just, I just watched
her and she said, Oh, thank you, Dan. It's Cameron and Ria. And you guys, it's very nuanced
and touching. And it's like, I like, it's, and it's also shot really well. Oh, thank you.
And I like, I like the, the, like, there's a lot of text and tweeting, like, like digital
stuff. Like, like, that's been a challenge for all of us, like, like, like getting that
into our narratives on screen. Yeah. How much of it do you do without feeling like bye-bye
birdie bubbles? Absolutely. But, but it works really well. Oh, thank you very much. Cameron
throughout the, it works as like a Greek chorus is what, is what, is what. Yeah, because Cameron
throughout the thing is like, just like checking in and it just says like, you're like, we
get it. You're gay. Do you know what's funny about that, Dan? And she'll probably tell
this exact same story. So pretend like I didn't tell it once she gets here is that when we
were filming that part of that episode, her, an episode of her appearance on Comedy Bang
Bang came out while we were filming it. And she got those exact responses on Twitter in
actual real life. Right. Even though she had previously written them as kind of an amalgam
of what she had already gotten. Absolutely. Of everything that it already had, like it
had already happened before, but that day, it happened again. So it was perfect. We were
like, yeah, this episode is accurate. I'm not stretching. I mean, it is like, I mean,
if there's any subversion to it, it's subversion is simply in the fact that it's just a nice
single camera sitcom and it's not necessarily driven by any kind of us versus them energy
in spite of the fact that wait for it. These are two women and they're married. All right,
just calm down. Will you calm down? I didn't know about that part. I just, I watched, I'm
not done watching the whole thing. Maybe there's a mask involved at the end. It would certainly
make me more comfortable. Dan, there's a snow globe at the end. But it's not, the world
is absurd, but it's not absurdly like, it's not like, everyone doesn't understand and
like, you know what I mean? Like there's a world of straw dogs, which are like, it's
just the pretty much normal world, but there's a little bit of mystical realism, just like
a touch to it. I just, I really like the tone. And it's not a spoiler driven thing,
but like, because it's just the story, the first episode is the story of you overcoming
your fear of committing to this job so much that you would actually quit your real job.
And meanwhile, while she's like, having these like, struggles with whether or not she wants
to be a comic that mentions you on stage ever. And then she's like, the triumphant return
threshold moment is her, you know, like turning sideways to the wings and do it and talking
to you instead of the audience. And it's really, it's a really nice moment. It's not overly
cloying or anything. I don't know why you don't need my approval.
No, no, Dan, actually, I do. Yeah, yeah, this is like the best moment of my life right
here.
Yeah, I don't know if it's that or I'm like, I watched it, I watched it. But it is cool.
I like that's great. Congratulations. Thank you so much. And CISO is obviously, we're
all, we're all in the same boat here. Yeah. I got to be a female sword. Yeah. Oh, yeah,
your episode of watch Harmon Quest. The most amazing wordplay ever in the history, but
it's that it's because the guy's name is Sinex, but he gets his snout cut off and Rhea goes
Sinex infection. I think it was like in real time. Now that's Sinex infection. Yeah. That's
the thing from the show. It's from the show. Yeah. Oh man, that was great. You know, Spencer.
Hey, Spencer. How are you doing? I have a question about Take My Wife. Can I ask a
question about Take My Wife? Please. How did you decide your characterizations of a married
couple? Because obviously you could do, oh, it's just going to be us, but then maybe you
want to make things more arch, but then also you might have been like, well, let's write
these characters and they'll be based on us, but they'll be characters for the point of
plots and stuff. And then obviously, you know, you're being a married couple on television.
So that comes into play too. So I'm wondering like, what was your thinking there? Well,
I mean, the way we wrote it was we wrote all the, like basically that season is all stuff
that happened. And then some of it is fictionalized so that people aren't like, Hey, that was
me. You know, so like it's all, some people are like amalgams of experiences and stuff
like that. But it's, I think Cameron calls it like, I don't even remember, like fictionally
autobiographical or something like that. Yeah. Like everything actually happens. So I mean,
the thing about the show is it's kind of the lead up to us being married. So we're not
married yet. And it's really us figuring ourselves out within a relationship. And I mean, we
just sort of wrote out all the stories that we wanted to cover. And in doing that, we
sort of found the characters of Cameron and Rhea there. So it wasn't ever anything where
we're like, okay, well, this, like Rhea is going to be this and Cameron is going to be
this. It just sort of organically happened through all that stuff out there. And you
know, I just, I just didn't have this conversation, but this thing came up because I didn't know
how it, what, what was, what to think about it. But it's a person I know is, is finishing
a pilot and I'm a character in it. The, the, the, and it's like, it, it's like these days,
I mean, it's like there's a confessional kind of mandate, the golden age of TV or post golden
age or sacking of TV, whatever's going on right now. The, the, it's kind of like incumbent
upon people for our audiences of a maximum of a million people that it actually does
need to be a little bit, what needs to be passionate, it needs to be personal, it needs
to be sincere. That doesn't automatically mean it needs to be autobiographical. But then
again, it's like kind of the easiest thing to do right now. And TV's never been about
fighting like and struggling and in terms of the idea. So the easiest thing to do right
now is to go, this is me. This is like my world. And this is, this is, that's been a
main staple of TV anyway. This has been going through the Carsey Warner filter of like, oh,
your standup says you like to use tools. Here's your fictional wife. Here's your set.
But, but, but, so we're still at the core of the demand is for, in television is for
real people. Why did you just explain that, Dan?
I would just be like a jacket saleswoman or something, you know what I mean?
But the funny thing is the person knows it. So I'm a character in this person's script.
And it's important that I'm 43. It's important that I, I'm at a kind of a more comfortable
place in my career than this person is. It's, there's so many details about, about it being
me that make it, that are important to where that, to the situation this person is in,
but it's kind of dumb to go through it and go, make it flan farman. And, but, but, but,
but the one, but the thing is then there's a shot where the person is looking at a wall
of my house and there's like a community poster and all the things like just the things like
community and whatever else I've done. The, the, there's an Emmy, I guess, I don't know.
As far as Oscars, Hugh Jackman hosted, won an Emmy for writing the Oscars. I try not
to bring it up, but, but, but I was like, I read the thing and I was like, oh, you should
change like community to like crazy community college show. I don't know what it was. I
just think that's an interesting concept when we're doing these like weird, like meta things
like what is the rule there? It's kind of like why you ask the question, right? Like,
what do you, what do you, you know, we were in great minds, obviously. And also, I don't
think great care was taken in our characterizations beforehand. They just kind of grew out of the
storyline. So I was just curious. I don't know. Yeah. It's interesting because it's
like, you start with a dynamic like, like, so it's like, oh, it was important that you
were working for me and everything kind of bloomed out of that. Yeah. So you get me as
like this weird Jack Donaghy to your Liz Lemon. But yeah, it's, it's, it's funny. But boy,
boy, writing about myself is fascinating. Oh yeah. I got Madeline, don't you think it's
fascinating? solid no on that one. That makes it when she lets you know things are going
good and you feel it. Oh yeah. No, I because she's not, she hasn't developed a moral conscience
yet. She won't even know what a handshake is. No, she has no reason. She will not smoke
up your ass. She's like, I like it. I didn't like it. I mean, it's like, like, like, there's
certain demographic things that make me go like, well, who cares? It's like, you're not,
you know, I'm not going to do a show about the times tables. I don't care. I don't care
what these people find entertaining. I have to express myself. Absolutely. So anyways,
you guys hear about these itsy bitsy spiders? She's doing it. She's doing it with her fingers.
Well now I want one. If they're going to get 20 bucks, then 20 bucks. 20 bucks. Oh man.
All right. Well, oh, oh, oh, oh, hey. Oh yeah, we could, yeah, let's, let's do that. I like
it because I'm, I'm in my wife, Cameron Esposito. Your wife. She's here. Here, you check this
one. Hey, hi. Hello, the audience. This is Madeline. Hey, Madeline. This is Madeline. Yeah. She
was just doing a real cool itsy bitsy spider a second ago. You know what? I saw it and
you are legit very good at that. It was my idea. It's my idea. I brought it. I came
up with it. I didn't create it, but I, story by, I adapted it. Definitely like a story by
story by for sure. Have you ever gone on a bear hunt, Madeline? Like in, in, yeah, because
you haven't been, they don't do it. They don't do that stuff in flamenco school. They're
like, you warm up. This isn't kindergarten. Start flamenco. What if she had though, Dan?
What if she had, what does she have on an actual bear hunt and was like, oh, a real one? Oh,
no, but I was talking about that. You, did you, you know, I probably missed this. You
guys never like in kindergarten or nursery school, like there was like this. I don't know.
There was this thing. I don't think they could still do this. The kids would. You think the
internet replaced this? Well, this was before my time, I think. I mean, it seemed very problematic.
The teacher, we go, we're going on a bear hunt, bear hunt, bear hunt. I don't know if there
was like a chant to it or not, but they would, there was a lot of call and response and they
would, so the kids would all go like this. And then they go like, oh, we got to go across
the stream. There's a stream.
That's true.
Isn't everything.
I mean, you know, everything's an exercise of conformity.
Especially public school.
Keep, keep in mind, sir, a bear gets hunted and becomes the hunter, not to spoil it, but
you go on the whole bear hunt and you see the bear and the bear comes after you and
you run and you do all the other stuff. I think, I think it's more an exercise in like
story structure because it's like, makes you go backward and forward through a thing. You,
you take note of the things you do while you get to the bear. You meet with the goddess
of seeing the bear. You atone with the father of realizing the bear found you. You recharge
back across the return threshold and you go home having changed into a kid that, that
didn't set fire to the gymnasium.
Definitely, definitely storytelling's primary function is to keep young people from burning
down whatever white houses are in the vicinity.
Absolutely.
Ideally directing your energy towards a cultural other. Like that's what Campbell says, like
especially like adolescent boys need to be like told. The reason why you not only think
you could destroy everything right now, but probably could is because of a great thunder
god that the neighbors really don't want you to achieve. So hate them and, and, and go
to, go to math class and register for selective service to the draft, Madeline. If you, if
you get drafted, it'll be against cool space bugs.
You're going to get a jet pack when you get drafted.
It's all right. It's okay. Look, this is going to happen. It's live podcasting. People are
going to, people, there's going to, there's going to be contention.
Whoa.
Oh no.
We don't have security here. By the way, we have like a kid that works in the Alan Moore
section. That's just, he's scary, but he's doesn't, he's not, he's doesn't do anything.
Usually he just watches the watch.
Yeah.
Oh, that's who does it.
I don't know.
That's who does that.
He watches the watch, but in a typical Alan Moore fashion, he doesn't really enjoy it
very much.
It's like, this could have been better.
All right. Madeline's, she's, she's usually dance the one that gets bulletproof.
Now she's warmed up.
So Madeline, all right. What's the scariest thing? I'm asking not just because I want
to scare a child.
I have other guests coming soon and there's a fear of, a theme of fear. So I'm just wondering,
is there something that scares you? Like, I could, I could, I'll tell you, spiders scare
me a lot and clowns and, and, and I guess, I guess like leaving the house, getting into
a shower when, and not knowing that the water is going to get like really hot after I get
into it.
I like this person who's trying to put words in a child's mouth.
Is that the same person who was like conformity? Failure. I do whatever. Listen kids, say failure.
It's Donald Trump's political advisor.
I saw a thing on a TV ad and the volume was down. So I don't even know, and it's kind
of cool to not know whether this was a Democratic ad or like a splinter Republican ad, but it
was just like, I just saw a bunch of images of Donald Trump and then it was, and then
it was a negative ad and it said like, Donald Trump, dangerous. And I was like, I liked
the fact that I didn't know, that could have been like some weird like group of like Republicans
that was like, not weird, like, I guess more normal than the rest like going like, but
I like that. I like this car. It made me happy because, because I feel like if, if we can
admit that we don't like a guy because dangerous, like that's actually, there's a little like
lobe in my head that goes like, wait, you should be dangerous. And then I go, wait a
minute. No, we want to be comfortable and we need to admit that more. We need to be
less hyperbolic about our politics and more like practical and go like, look, look at
this guy. He's a turd. Like that's scary. Vote for not scary. Like you always do anyway,
except you pat yourself on the back afterwards and put on a cape and say, I did something
heroic today by voting for comfort. Like, I think it, you know, like, we're, we're right.
There's like good dangerous and bad dangerous. Like when people talk about Hillary and I
know people are going to be shocked to find out that I like her. Um, when people talk
about Hillary, they talk about her being dangerous, but it's because people will be
like, cause she's done like backdoor deals with everybody and she's probably responsible
for a lot of murders and she has single handedly met and done every, and I'm like, yeah, sounds
like a president. Like sounds like a person that runs this country since the first time
that somebody was like, you, you should run this country. Hey, old wooden tooth. Yeah.
Hey, you own people. Do you want to run this place? I mean, like that's, and then, but
then it's funny cause now, so there, I feel like that's like dangerous in the way that
our country has always, that's us. I'm not saying we're great. We have a lot of stuff
we can improve on, but that's definitely us. Like that's for sure us. We're terrible.
We are, we're the worst. We don't own this place. We stole this place. This blocks the
meltdown. Um, no, like we don't know this. We stole this place. We're, we've always
been dangerous. Then it, then he is dangerous in relief to that because his thing is like,
haha, I could upload it up, right? Why wouldn't I use the nuclear weapons? Yeah, like, like,
why can't I, why can't we got them? They've just spent a lot of money. Yeah. I mean,
it is, it is a time in which we've, uh, yeah, I, I, I shamefully find myself just craving
status quo, which I've done a level that I never have. Cause it's like, you're looking
down the gaping ma of actual historical like things where you go like, Oh, this is, as
I've said, and I really again, unashamed, like it's fine. Hitler comparisons are fine.
The earlier, the better. That's the point of them. Hitler, the healthy version of a
Hitler comparison is the earliest one in the world, the most premature one. Imagine if
the Hitler comparison had happened early on in Hitler's career. If someone had gone,
this guy's Hitler, uh, uh, then, you know, they, they, I don't know. Well, there's also
like two different types of dangerous. There's like, so there's like, there's like Hitler
dangerous. And then there's also like, like if you think about a spot. Oh shit. Madeline
came down. She said it. Sorry. She said like three minutes ago. I want to talk now. I was
like, you can talk if you want to. And then all right, Madeline, let's, let's, let's hear
it. I mean, I guess what I'm saying is women are the future clearly. What were you going
to say, Madeline? Oh, you just said it. You just said blah, blah, blah. You just, I mean,
I can't tell you your four or so. I don't know if that's mocking us or if that's actually
like half of what you know how to say. Oh no, it's mocking us. I feel like for the podcast,
she's going to sound even younger, like an actual baby was up here. Uh, well, maybe that
will be next week. Oh yeah. Uh, hey, Madeline, uh, I heard that you are a fart head. Oh
boy. I don't know that this is healthy. It's actually okay. There are adult men mouth a
gape at that. I just, I looked at this dude specifically and he went like, it's actually
right. Tudes fired. It's actually right up our alley. Do you want to tell them our nickname
for each other? Okay. Well, then I'll tell them cause you're a butt head. Oh boy. I call
each other butt heads and stuff. All right. Well, we have to make room for my, my neighbors
are coming up and they have a special, uh, you guys remember Beth Bootson, right? Oh
no. Oh, this is the dark side of show business. No, Madeline, you're still going to be, you're
going to be right there. Oh God. Oh, Spencer gets to be proven right again. Yeah man. But
think about this Spencer, if we hadn't gone through all of that, no show. It's not that
I'm happy about being right all the time. It's just that I see it when it's going to
happen. Yeah. Yeah. But what if I saw it too? What was I supposed to do? I did the, the
spot. What was I supposed to do? No, it's great. This is a great show. Let's, how, how
is it? How about that? Take my wife? Uh, don't you guys have a hard out not that long. Yeah.
I can't. Cameron, there's a, there's a, there's a scene in Take My Wife where you're out at
lunch and you're in like an outdoor, uh, restaurant. Oh, I can't. I'm sorry, Madeline. Here, you'll
be okay. She did great. I just, I just don't know. I didn't like the sound of my own voice
talking at the same time as a, as a person that was like sobbing and I'm like, like I'm
ignoring it. Like it's some Orwellian thing. I'm sort of a get that baby out of here. Oh
man. That's what, that's why I'm like, I'm like, I can't let anybody know. Now I know why. Let's not do
that. Yeah. When we say we're okay with this, we don't change our stance. I've, I've, I love it.
This is what America is all about. Uh, I learned from a hit Pixar movie, uh, that, that feeling
sad is just as much a part of life as feeling good. Yeah. And I, and I, and I, and I learned
that while losing my Oscar. And I thought, that's fine. That's what that movie that took
my Oscar, uh, said. This is fine. And I cried and I loved it. The mom, the mom was controlled
by sadness. Great film. So there's a scene where your, uh, Cameron's out on a, uh, she's
eating lunch at an outdoor, uh, cafe, but there's like, it's, and, and Ria's blowing up in the,
and then there's like, there's one shot of you and it's like pushing on you and you're
like, or I don't think it's pushing on you. It's just like the static. There's no music
and it's just you by yourself at a restaurant. Like, do you, do you, do you, do you like
the, do you, do you know the, like expression I'm thinking of? Like when you're like, you're
kind of like, is it just you? Like, are you, are you going through like, like, is it, is
it, is it like, it's like a, it's like a, cause we're, cause we're, cause we're not specifically
tracking in that moment that it's, it's like, are you just uncomfortable in your own skin?
Like you're, cause you're alone.
Yes. Yeah.
Right. No. That I actually know exactly what you're asking. Um, yeah, it's supposed to
be not knowing where to focus energy, right? So like, I'm just sitting by myself alone
at a cafe and thinking, maybe I see somebody that I know, right? Like awkwardly waving
there and then I kind of like hide and, uh, crawl inside of myself and right after you
do that, you like wave and you go, no, like that. And then a leaf falls in the background.
I guess I obviously wasn't planned, but I love it so much. Why do you think that wasn't
planned? Like dead leaf, just fault the last, I was, I told it to do that. We had a serious
rig and they were like, let the leaf go. Get the one leaf. Get the leaf. Get the leaf.
It's like 10. Okay.
Okay.
Leave to one and bring the leaf to one.
Bring the leaf to one and leaf it.
Leave it. Action.
The leaf industry doesn't have more precise language than this thing. And leaf it. Well,
that could mean 5,000 things. I'm a union employee who solely focuses on leaves and you
just say leaf it. Do you want to blow across a detective's driveway?
I would love to see the leaf person on like every show, just like leaf blowers attached
to the belt.
It seems like the leaf person on a set is one of those jobs that has a name that doesn't
have leaf or a Latin like root of leaf.
Rare.
Something like a squibbler. And you find out it's the leaf wrangler. And if you ever
call him that.
Or her.
Absolutely. Thank you, Dan. Great point. Great point. That's a great point.
That's amazing. That's amazing. You know, you didn't have to use that second pronoun.
You did. And that shows you here.
Not bad.
That's amazing.
That's really what we mean.
The acknowledgement of women.
Right.
There sure are women.
Do you know what is right next year? Dan, did you see our not appointing this way?
There's a billboard with our dumb faces on it.
Oh yeah.
Actually, I didn't know there was one here in this neighborhood, but I saw it.
Oh yeah, right by the Chipotle.
You guys took me off. You replaced me. That's great. That's what it should be.
That's what television should be, I think, right?
Replacing you with me a white male. Yeah, that's what we need.
I think. Thank you. Thank you.
I just want to acknowledge that two dudes are being applauded for their bravery.
Oh, no, we are very brave.
In acknowledging that women are cool and you guys are pretty light on the claps for Rhea and I.
No, we went and we asked a stranger to take a picture.
We just stopped a stranger and we went over to the billboard and we were standing in front of it.
And we asked a woman who was passing by, we were like, hey, do you mind taking a picture of us?
And she was like, oh sure, like just what, like in front of what?
Because we were like just on the street and then we were like, um.
And it was actually so cute because she goes, oh my god, you guys!
She gave us a giant hug and like, this is a stranger. We did not know this person.
Was it, was it, oh my god, you guys, I didn't recognize you and I actually knew you from before?
Or is it, oh my god, you're two other human beings and you're on that billboard?
Yeah, she was like, I'm so proud of you! You're making it!
I'm so proud of you! Who are you?
It was very cute. It was like a cute moment. She took a bunch of pictures.
She was like, check them, make sure you check them.
I don't want to be the one to mess this up for you!
And then a guy was like running headphones came by and he went, hey, that's you!
Because he had his headphones in and he was like this close and I was like, yeah, yeah, thank you.
He yelled it so loud.
It was really horrible. It was fun.
But also loud.
It was super fun. It was a fun time.
I don't know, I don't think, except maybe in cartoon form, there was a Harmon Quest billboard.
I don't think I've ever, that's a feeling I don't know.
I don't know, like, look, there's your bed's all big.
It feels pretty good.
Okay, I don't even know. Do you pull over the car?
Oh yeah, we parked and got Chipotle.
We literally did eat that at the Chipotle that's directly under the thing of us, which is like shameful.
Were you able to just look at it while you ate?
We went around the corner so that we were not near there, but there definitely were people who were eating at Chipotle that were like...
There's something very familiar about all this.
I have to get a quote in for Back to the Future at some point.
Alright, so you guys, I heard a rumor that you guys needed to get out of here at 9.
I do, you can stay, yeah?
I can stay, yeah.
I mean, I didn't mean to put you on this one.
No, yeah, you can, I'll meet you at home.
We live together.
I'm ready to teach Donald Trump a thing or two about being dangerous.
Yes, I live with my wife.
Yeah.
So dangerous.
You missed me proving that I've seen the first episode of the show before you got here.
He did prove it.
And then I liked it very much.
He liked it very much.
We are so stoked because it got, like, a bunch of people cared about it.
And I mean, honestly, you know what this is like.
This was the first time for me, you spent a lot of time and space in television,
and you know that a lot of things nobody, a bunch of people were like, cool.
And then we were like, awesome.
Thank you guys.
Yeah, and there may be a time when that nightmare that you were maybe dreading,
that'll have to happen too.
But both of them will be like, you'll wake up the next morning alive.
It's like a bingo card.
I remember this thing that we did, this pilot in the 90s.
And it was just like, no, we don't want that.
And like, I don't want that.
It just went to the car.
It was a really, it was a good thing because it was like my salty hot tears.
I was like, I'm not crying because I'm a spoiled baby.
I am a spoiled baby, but that's not why I'm crying.
I'm crying because I really, really care.
And that's a good thing.
And it's like, there is, you're not receptive to it in that moment.
It does nothing feels like you're getting good or better.
But what is happening in that moment is like the germination of some kind of seed where you're like,
well, one thing's for sure, I belong here.
Because this is like, I don't like people not watching me.
There's no romantic or charismatic way to put it.
I actually think maybe this was the first experience I've had in my career that wasn't that.
And I don't mean that like, of course, it's been bit by bit.
And success by success, it's not like I've been toiling in obscurity.
But for 15 years, I feel like there have been very loud noises,
very loud voices that really liked what I was doing,
and very loud voices that wanted me to stop talking about being gay.
And that that was like a thing that I heard just so many times,
just like, this person is not funny, stop talking about being gay.
We don't care about this.
And then-
We get it.
Yeah, we get it.
You're gay.
We get it.
You guys will be my epitaph, like for sure.
It should be your-
No, it should be-
We got it.
She was gay.
Yeah.
No, I know.
I have tweeted.
No, I mean, that will be my epitaph.
Butch-tag dead.
But you know.
But this was really like a huge weight off the shoulders,
because like the New York Times and Vulture and Indie Wire and Navy Club were just like,
we get it.
She's gay.
But they were like, we get it.
And I was like, so it was really nuts.
So was the other one.
Yeah.
I'm just talking about my experience.
Oh, I know.
I'm just riffing.
That's all.
Yeah.
I don't think-
I'm not Dr. Phil, but I don't think Rhea was saying that you were trans-
I thought-
Anyways, alright.
Well, you-
We'll deal with this later.
You know.
Somebody-
People are also really stoked about Rhea in this show, which is really cool.
It's like a real breakout moment for her, and it's really awesome.
Well, I assume that's going to be a theme of the-
Is that going to be the theme of the show?
Because I've seen one episode, but is that a thing?
I mean, regardless of gender persuasion, what are the other things?
Prismatology, cosmological shiftage.
Continuum of repus-
Regardless of two people doing the same thing at the same time,
automatically, is there a story coming up?
And if not, is there-
Well, is there-
People want to drive a wedge between those things.
We eat lobster by breaking it open.
If you guys are delicious as a couple,
inevitably, the consuming of you as a couple is going to involve people
testing the hinges of the claw, putting pressure on the-
Have you experienced that?
Do you know that's coming?
Yeah.
I mean, I think it's been there the whole time.
People will ask us if we're competitive with each other,
which is the funniest thing to ask to stand-up comics,
because you wouldn't do this job
if you didn't think you were the best stand-up comic to ever exist, period.
Like, there's no other reason you would do this to yourself,
and also it's a total privilege in what a ridiculous thing say,
but I just mean, you wouldn't get up on stage and fail this much
if you weren't like, I'll show them.
So, Ria, do you think you're a better stand-up comic than me?
Absolutely.
Yeah.
No, but like you do, right?
Yeah, of course.
Like, you want what's best for me and you love me so much.
Yeah, yeah, I want you to totally succeed,
but I am going to succeed more than you.
Right.
So what I want to do is, I want to lift you up,
and I want people to see how great you are
and to see you through my eyes and just like to love you,
you want to, you know, put a foot on your face
and kick you back down.
She's like a grappling hook or a fire ladder.
Yeah.
I lift you up, I hook you into something above me
that is soft enough to secure anchor.
I climb over you.
That's exactly right.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, but I think what you're,
I thought maybe where you were going was that,
oh, it's actually easier in such a,
when you combine a naturally,
the universe will seek to find Crevice's thing
like being a couple,
that that's entropy and the outside world will do its work
as sure as water does,
you drop anything into a glass of it and the water,
it may look pretty,
but the water is silently going like,
is there a way to pick this apart, you know?
Anyways, that's a tangent,
but I'll tell it to my chemist.
Dan's actually incorrect about the properties of water.
Subreddit.
But I thought maybe what you were getting at was that,
because stand-ups are so ridiculously solipsistic,
so narcissistic, so like,
that actually it is an easy thing to just put two of them
in a house together and let them both try to be stand-ups
and there's a kind of select few situations
in which that Ernie and Burt partnership could be turned
into like enmity or jealousy,
but those things would be offset if Ernie and Burt were like also,
then they're, okay, we're actually living together
because we love each other.
Like they do.
Yeah, no, right.
They're totally a couple.
But actually, yeah, I think you are right.
I mean, I will say I don't feel a ton of jealousy.
I feel competition in our relationship
and I feel, but I don't feel jealous.
Here's what I worry about.
My girlfriend, here's what I worry about.
I'm not trying to bend it back to me.
Bend it like it.
But if I did, it would go something like this.
The ghost of Jeff is everywhere.
I worry about with Cody,
who's 11, 12 years younger than me,
and who I want, I'm so tired.
I don't want to work.
I swear, I think of that.
I don't want to work anymore.
And I'm like, so I have fantasies about her,
you know, Celine Dionning,
and I can be that guy with the beard
that could just be like, I love Celine Dion.
I'm so old and lucky.
Well, then you should have got to her younger, honestly.
That is a really specific Celine Dion joke.
If you understood Celine like I did,
that would be so funny.
It's okay, we can move on.
But I have a weird feeling.
Could you stop talking about Celine Dion on podcasts?
That's just a joke for anyone that's watched the show.
But yes, go ahead.
I have a weird feeling that I would get,
as soon as it wouldn't be about achievement,
I wouldn't want anybody,
it's not that I don't, wait,
I'm just trying to stack these negatives
like a Jenga tower here.
It's not that I don't want my partner
to be successful, far from it.
I want, like, I consider that such an ironic concept
for anyone to be, as you were talking about,
that same thing.
It's like, that's such a hilarious idea.
I am so behind it.
But at the same time, that feels like sincerity.
Like, oh my God, my fantasy would be
that you would be like, just like,
the idea of me being jealous of someone's success.
Like, I would love that, I would love that.
But I do, and I think the thing that I would screw up
is that I would, it would just be regular jealousy
because I would think, I would turn it into a thing
where I was like, oh, she's out there with people.
It would be a sexual thing.
It wouldn't be, I wouldn't have career jealousy,
but it would quickly turn into a gateway
to something I still haven't figured out,
which is like, how to not be.
Like, I don't trust myself to not be like,
oh, that guy is so cuter.
Like, what, just be with him.
And then it just drives me nuts.
I'm just gonna sit home and play Minecraft
and take care of our baby.
And then I'm just gonna be like,
obviously she would be in love with anybody but me right now.
But don't awe it because that's horrible serial killer stuff
with a support system.
Like, it's not, you shouldn't,
because that's jealousy and it's toxic and it's gross.
I don't mean to tell you that lesbians are awesome,
but you know what's a cool thing about being
in the same sex couple is that...
The scissor thing.
Yeah.
I say no more.
That's number one.
I've seen the movie.
No, that's not real.
That's not real.
That's not a real thing.
Looked real to me.
Riley Reed, ain't no, she didn't...
No, those women are not having good time.
That's not how that works.
I'll tell you about it later, but...
Oh, I think...
I mean, I don't know.
Do you have partner jealousy towards me?
I don't really...
I find that a cool part of it is like...
Well, number one, we are both...
We are both moderately recognizable.
I don't mean we're super famous,
but I mean, most of the time when we meet people,
it's like after a show.
And so that's a situation where there's already
a weird power dynamic and so it's not like a...
It's not actually super fun to go and talk.
Nothing's gonna happen.
It's gonna be really weird.
I don't...
That feels gross and not fun to...
Because that person doesn't know you.
They're a stranger, but they do know you
because they know you from podcasts.
Anyway, it's weird.
You don't know them at all and they might eat you,
so it's the whole thing.
They're not in the good way.
My point is there's that,
and then I think the other thing is like...
We share...
You know, we're both into the same thing.
Which is when people...
Oh, yeah.
That's a cool thing.
Is that we can both be like, hey...
Nice.
She's cute.
Yeah, exactly.
Hey, nice.
And then we go like high five.
I get it.
Okay.
That's a...
There are so many things that are not great,
but that's a good part.
Yeah.
That makes sense.
It's being like, oh, I'm not jealous of you.
About that interaction, like, hey,
I get it.
Keep going.
She's cute.
Allow me to watch you talk to her.
You'd be able to file it in the same place.
I don't know how to file it if a guy...
There's like a combination of like...
I don't know.
It's like, if he's everything that I'm not...
I don't know where to file it if I see my girlfriend
having a good time talking to him.
Can I pose this to you, Dan?
Can I just pose this?
If he's everything that you're not,
then she wants nothing to do with him.
Because she likes you.
Oh.
That was such a, like, daytime talk show.
Not sentenced from Rhea,
but your guy's reaction.
The...
The time that it took.
Like, I don't know if you guys had...
I don't know if you could hear you,
but it was like, you all waited for Rhea to say
the full sentence, and then you thought about it.
And then you were like...
All right.
I've been rude to our second guest.
I have to go.
Oh, shit, you have to go.
Yeah, yeah, I do have to go,
but I'm just gonna say this one thing.
I also just put out an album on Friday.
That's why I'm wearing this shirt.
It's number one.
Number one album.
Number one.
Thanks, you guys.
And thank you, Dan.
You bet.
You're the best.
I have keys in my hand.
This is weird.
I don't know what you're about on iTunes.
You're like, Kill Rock Stories.
Thanks for...
Come on.
Sorry.
I'm just picking up what you...
Listen, go, my wife.
I got it.
Rhea Butcher, everybody.
So there's gonna be two more guests.
Yeah.
I think them coming right in between us
will be a good thing.
Yeah, I might...
It was 9-11.
It is.
You're right.
Never forget.
Never forget that.
Andy Dick, 9-11.
The September 11th, Andy Dick's coming to the show.
Rudy Giuliani forgot.
I know.
He did forget.
It's pretty fun.
I mean, of all people...
I'm not saying 9-11 should be more memorable to anybody,
but, you know, he really...
It was his favorite national tragedy.
Like, he really loved that thing.
He loved it more than it was like...
Jesus wakes up on December 25th.
What is this?
What's all this stuff?
When I think of...
What's Easter about?
Does anyone know what this is?
I think Rudy Giuliani's theme song
for his relationship between him and 9-11
is Lady in Red.
It's like a ballad.
It's like a beautiful, like...
You're over a cross, new thing.
And you're like, I met you and it was crazy.
Nixon wakes up.
I don't know how I feel about crooks.
Like, it just feels like...
Yeah.
You remember that thing.
That was important to you, right?
Yeah, maybe time to check him out,
put a little popsicle stick in his mouth,
see if he remembers, you know,
see if he's still Alice.
You know what I'm saying?
Yep.
Don't I ever know what you're saying.
All right.
That didn't land.
I thought it was...
Oh, CF.
Jack, sorry.
Do you have your keys?
You're...
There's a card behind me.
Oh.
Oh, man, I wish you could just drive my car home
when I can't drive your car.
Because I drive stick.
They love stick.
Stick.
Oh, we get it.
Okay.
Yeah.
Whoa.
And they caught it.
God damn it.
You guys ever notice lesbians always have each other's keys?
New stereotype.
Cointre stereotype.
Talk about dangerous.
This is a momentous occasion.
I'm dangerous.
It's a competition between me, you and Donald Trump.
Someone's going to emerge as the most dangerous tonight.
Speaking of danger and fear and things that scare you.
Oh, an oaky spooky Halloween's just around the corner.
Actually, no, it's not, which is why I think it's a good idea.
Don't just say anything.
Vincent Price.
It's, you know...
Vincent Price is here.
Is he alive?
It's like when people at a Torrey Amos concert, they yell out like...
I'm dating myself.
Which you can do.
Look it up.
Three states allow it.
You guys remember my neighbor, Beth Bootson, of the Eucalyptus tree?
So I'm just going to bring her and her son Timor up.
If I try to introduce what we're talking about, I'll ruin it because I'm not a good show host.
Welcome to the stage.
Here's Beth Bootson and Timor.
Beth and Timor.
Alright, so the, I mean, the, the, the, the, this is the Cameron by the way.
Beth, Cameron.
Whoa.
You have met, okay.
We just met now.
We met just now.
Nice.
Okay, I'm just worried about that mic, man.
Worryed about that mic.
It'll be fine.
Okay, so you guys are my neighbors.
Hello, hello.
Can you hear me?
Yeah, yeah.
Timor, you want to get a level?
Testing, testing.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
I'm going to use a mic.
So it's what?
It's August?
Yeah.
It started in May.
Okay.
The, the, okay.
But it started years ago.
What are you guys talking about?
Oh my God.
It's like a lifetime movie.
Like, like, like, like Cold Open Crawl.
What's, what's happening?
Now I know what this looks like.
But before I was here, you gotta go, this is bad.
Right, right.
I'm bailing.
Freeze frame.
This is me.
I bet you're wondering how I got here.
You know what you were trying to say?
That's the good version of what I was saying.
Okay.
Yeah.
This is why you're a professional.
I got you.
That's amazing.
Yeah.
This is why you took over my billboard.
She deserves more television than you.
No, that's what I said.
I got great applause.
It was great.
Timor, Tim, Timor.
Timor.
Yeah.
It's T-I-M-U-R.
Correct.
Timor.
Some people get it so wrong.
T-U-M-O-R.
Two more?
People call you?
Someone spelled my name like T-I-M-E-O-U-R.
Like what?
Timur.
Yeah.
Come on.
Pronounce it.
So more.
T-I-M-U-R.
But if we just, if we're just in a rush, we can just go Timur and it's fine, right?
Timur.
If it's fine by you, I guess.
So no.
Not a yes, yeah.
I think it's, is it, is it like it's Jamal but it's Timur?
Is it like that?
What?
Is it like the emphasis has to be on the second syllable for it to be right?
You know what?
I think technically it is Timur, but since he was little...
Well, everyone calls me Timur, so, Timur.
So we've just gone with that.
All right.
Like Jamal.
I was right.
You're welcome.
All right.
We'll get through this one step at a time.
No, we're doing it.
I'm taking ass.
I'm so good.
One of our early conversations that we had as neighbors, I think was like, oh, my, one
of my sons, he has a haunted house every how, you know, and he's making it in the backyard.
Is that going to be a problem?
There's going to be people late.
I don't, I've never, ever, once, ever, I don't think, complained to a neighbor about
anything.
I either, I'm either forcing myself to stay awake and play Minecraft and tuning everything
out, or I'm just unconscious because I fell asleep against my will for the three hours
between Adderall's that it takes for me to recharge my brain and get out there and just
damage myself more.
So you're fine.
But I could hear, so I hear your haunted house going on at haunted house time.
And there's a thing playing on a loop that I've become familiar with.
There's like a looped thing.
And I kind of get into it.
I'm like, but you've been doing this for years and you're steadily, you're, you're becoming
one of these Halloween people.
You're becoming a haunted house person.
I don't want to categorize you.
You thought you were special.
I'm saying, you know, it is, it's weird what you're, that's why you're here.
You were going to talk.
I'm sorry.
So you're, you're, you've been getting more and more into your haunted house every passing
year.
When did you start what year?
I started four, five years ago.
And so, and that, at that time, like how, how much before Halloween did you start making
your haunted house?
I started about the first, first time I started was like a week before.
All right.
So, and then the next year, well, I would disagree with that.
Oh, controversy.
Mom's always wins.
So go ahead.
Yeah.
Not on Harmontown.
Give up.
You know, this is going to be the worst possible thing I'm going to say, but Rhea has a super
early call time.
And I feel like I'm going to be useless in this haunted house conversation.
I'm going to go to my house so that my wife can go to bed at some point and I'm going
to leave you guys, but Dan, you have to take notes and tell me about it because I am neighbor
just trying to avoid the argument, aren't you?
The haunted house.
What argument?
I was not expecting an argument to happen.
I thought you were going to lay out all your plans and that we're going to hear about it
and that you were going to tell me your address so that I could come to your haunted house.
But we'll figure that out later because I also live in the neighborhood, so I'll see
you guys there.
All right.
Watch Take My Wife on CISO.
Karen Esposito.
Thank you so much.
I'm not a bad host.
I gave them, I said they had an out before and the, yeah, that's not my fault.
You were so good at hosting.
I'm so good at everything.
Yeah.
No, it's great.
I'm good at sleeping next to a haunted house.
Yeah.
All right.
So you, so the first year, a week before a haunted house, you threw up a haunted house.
You obviously had a good time.
Next year, you want to make another haunted house.
You started probably a little earlier, right?
Yeah.
How much earlier?
A month and a half.
Okay.
So now it's 2016, it's August, and you got your haunted house, it's like in construction
right now, right?
Yeah.
So there's a tag here that is like, these are your haunted house plans, right?
Well, one of the things that I would say is that Timur started his official haunted maze,
and it wasn't even a maze at that point because he was 11 years old.
But when I had my brain tumor.
Your brain Timur.
My brain Timur.
Is that what you did?
Yeah.
No.
Oh, wait.
Yeah.
Dan was going to work, and I was sleeping all day, and we were very worried about Timur
and what he was going to do all day.
And this was in the summertime, and you started building your first haunted maze.
And it was, it went straight.
It was, there wasn't much to it, but it was probably because he was only 11 years old.
It probably went from here to that wall.
And I remember that it went right up our sidewalk, and everybody that was coming to visit me
had to go through that little tunnel.
So whether it was a pizza delivery man or people delivering food or relatives, they
all had to go through that.
And that was the first year.
And when you start it, when you do a haunted maze, I've been calling in a house, but it's
like, do you, do you go to the front door of your house?
Is that where the customer goes?
Do they go to the front door of your house and enter your home, or do they go around
the house?
So my house is like a regular house right here, and then there's a yard around it and
leading up to it or some stairs.
So then down there, people wait to get up.
Well the first year, the first year, it went right up to our door.
But then after that, the next year, he said, I'm going to build it around the house.
And we were saying, tomorrow, that's crazy, because we live in a house that's on a hill.
And to go around it, there's so, I mean, just to get up to our house, there's a lot of steps.
Our garage is at ground level.
And then you have to go up a lot of steps.
Well see, now you're scaring me already.
Just know you'll burn calories if you go.
Yes.
And then to go around the house, which is where he wanted to build the whole haunted
maze, is there are steps all over, because it's on a hill.
So it's actually quite dangerous.
So you never go through the boots in the home.
No.
You're not opening your home to strangers, because you'd have to have people just like
with knives to protect you against.
That's funny you say, because last year, with all the chaotic, I'm walking through my house,
and all of a sudden there's a little old grandma standing there like, where's the restroom?
Like right there.
Do I know you?
And then I'm waiting there for her to finish, and then I'm like waiting there for like ten
minutes, because there's a random old grandma in my house, and I'm like, the exit's this
way.
So here, I'll escort you out.
And then this way.
In my house.
And she went, no, sonny.
I'll escort you to hell!
And you're like, no!
My hubris!
I had fun imitating horror, and now I'm in it!
And then she went, no, sonny!
I'll escort you to hell!
And you're like, no!
My hubris!
I had fun imitating horror, and now I'm in it!
I mocked death, and I am now its plaything!
I should have known!
This is my creep show!
You know what a creep show is?
It's a vignette.
It's a horror vignette.
All right.
So, all right.
Well, so I just want to show, I don't even know, because you started bringing this out,
and I was like, save it for the stage, because I just want the, I mean, this to me is...
And mind you, Dan, this is stuff that he did when he was 11 and 12 years old.
This is his horror house, his haunted house file.
So you're, okay.
This is when he was 11 and 12 years old.
So...
Well, maybe 12 or 13.
That one's from 2014.
So I see, what's in here is like, there's waivers.
So those are workers that apply?
Right.
Interests.
Interns, I would call them.
Well, they're his friends.
Yeah.
They're his friends.
And I think we all know the difference.
Chichong, that's a cash register not opening.
Yes.
Let's face it.
All right.
Let's talk about that.
Okay.
Are people pay...
What are they giving you?
A buck at the door?
What are they...
What's the...
Where's the wheels getting greased here?
We actually go by donations at the end.
So if they liked it or got scared, we have a donation booth at the bottom of the stairs
that says donations, and that's actually a booth.
So like on some nights we'll have a person waiting in the booth, like last year we had
a clown theme.
So we'd have like a clown in there, a person that looked fake, and then after someone put
a donation in, they'd move.
So...
All right.
Well, that's...
Yeah.
So, okay.
So it's all on donations.
So then you take that and you what?
Do you put it all into the haunted house?
Yeah.
It actually goes back to all the money we spent on the house.
I see a map here.
Yeah.
There's a bunch of quadrants and it says plastic everywhere.
Well, the...
And there's a drawing of dismembered arms.
The thing I wanted to point out were these were all things that he had...
Just ideas.
Are these boobs?
Are these boobs or pencils?
But these are things that he did when he was 11 and 12 years old.
Right.
Those are teeth, but in your perspective I could see how those look like boobs.
Yeah.
Well, it's called misogyny.
Yes, it's misogyny.
She uses that to consume me.
Whoa.
It's myth.
Deep man.
All right.
I just want...
I don't know.
It's a stack of things.
So, Timora is 16 years old now.
That was one of the things I wanted to point out.
And he started this when he was 11.
Right.
So, and I...
This is the thing that I like about it.
Because you need my approval.
But I like that you said, you said, oh, my son's going to do a haunted house, you know?
And I'm like, okay.
And I like it.
I mean, it's neat.
It's cool that you're like, you're into it and you keep putting more and more energy
into it.
And you might get...
Next year might be the year that you're like, oh, haunted houses are dumb.
Or...
But more than likely, some kind of weird morph is going to happen where you're like, oh,
you know what I really like about haunted houses?
You know what I'm doing?
You know, there may be some weird offshoot of that, or you may be one of the lucky people
that's like...
And I found out...
I love...
It'll be 2048 and you'll be like, I'm the master of haunted houses, or just this one.
I want to ask you, like, what do you think...
And there's no wrong answer to it.
It's like the most dumb, like, childish caveman answer that you want to give.
Like, what...
What do you...
What's the pleasure?
What draws you back to it?
How do you really get out of the whole experience of making a haunted house and having people
come through it?
Well, it's a community thing that happens.
So all the neighbors come, and then from actually 6 to 7 p.m. is the less scary version
for little kids like her age to go through.
Oh, there's...
See, I think you guys invited me to that one, right?
Because you know...
Most likely.
But, you know, all the neighbors do get involved, and there is a lot of generations.
So we have little kids like you that are working the haunted maze, and Timor's got his friends.
Probably, like, 4-year-old girls are the easiest, like, haunted house worker in the world.
They could just put an Easter dress on them and have them just stand and stare, as long
as they could just hold still for, like, an hour.
That's probably the most terrifying thing.
They beckon with a lace glove, holding something random, not like a bloody knife, because it's
over the top.
They're just holding, like, an apple or, like, a gerbil or a football with, like, a pentagram
on it.
I don't know.
They're not far from the...or, like, a piece of...no, okay, scariest thing in the world.
4-year-old girl in a nightgown holding an O-ring from a space shuttle.
Oh, shit.
Think about it.
And just with a look of confusion on her face.
The face I have right now, because I have no idea what you're talking about.
It's just, yeah, it's like a...or just a...let me re-pitch that.
That's what I would project onto it, if it was a girl holding a piece of...it was clearly
like a piece of, like, a crucial aeronautic equipment.
You know what I'm saying?
It's like some dark, dark shit.
The idea is that a bunch of people are going to die because of this child.
Just something specific.
It's like, that girl's not supposed to be holding that, and they're like, what is that?
It's like a big nut, you know, like an industrial-sized washer.
That's like rusty or something.
And she's just holding it up and going like...and you're like, where did you get that?
And then you just hear, and there's huge crash.
That's terror.
Like, you should...you can use that.
I'll take that into consideration.
But aside from it being...because if you just wanted to do community stuff, then that's
great.
But you're very...you know, that's a good answer, and I'm not saying it's an insincere
one.
It's part...you like contributing, like the feeling of the neighborhood is like, there's
a tradition, and they're coming over, and you're like, you're doing this thing that
people know.
Oh, there's Timmer.
He's the guy that does that haunted house thing every year, and it's like consistency
and tradition.
And you have this role, like, I'm the shoemaker, I'm the barber, I'm the guy that saves your
life.
You know, like whatever, you have this role, and...but now just a subset of that, the terror
thing, the horror thing, the idea, because you could do that with Christmas, you could
do that with, you know, you could do that with Easter, you could do that with No Holiday
at All, you could do that with like a bicycle race around here, you could organize like
a marathon where everyone walked on their hands and the proceeds went to the next year's
marathon.
But you, people being scared, does that, like, do you like that?
That's the first question I've ever got asked by someone.
Your guides counselor should have been the first.
He should have said, do you like scaring people, Timmer?
No comment.
Well, do you like a good night's sleep?
Who doesn't?
Yeah, no, who doesn't is right.
Let me tell you something about Casper Mattressers.
Casper is an obsessively engineered mattress at a shockingly low price.
Now as a cool kid, does that appeal to you in any way?
Not really.
No, you're right.
It's not appealing to kids, this is engineer stuff, but what about the fact that it combines
spring latex and supportive memory foam to create an award-winning sleep surface with
just the right sink and just the right bounce?
It has a 100-day guarantee.
Yeah, a 100-day guarantee.
You can try it out for 100 nights if you don't like it.
Bring it back for free.
We don't care.
Wait a minute, are you telling me, and I know this is what people say in a commercial,
but I really am, are you telling me, Crazy King Spencer, that there's a mattress company
that lets you try a mattress for 100 days and at the end of 100 days, which is a mattress's
life?
I mean, I'm like, wait, that's like the best years of a mattress or the first 100 days.
Well, I mean, 100 days is like, that's like, if you try a mattress for 100 days and then
go, eh, I didn't like it, you have a right to, but you're lying, because if you laid
on something for 100 days, you can't tell me you didn't like it, but maybe you're busy.
But I mean, maybe you're just, you know, hoodwinked by the fact that Time Magazine named it the
best invention of 2015.
The best invention in general?
Yeah, it's a mattress that won't disappoint.
Now in a world where we've landed on the moon, I guess the idea is like a slow invention
year.
Yeah, well, no, it's exactly the opposite.
It's actually the biggest invention year of 2015, self-driving cars, artificial intelligence.
No, Casper mattress, Dan, they ship anywhere in U.S. and Canada.
I got one, it came in the box, the size of a mini fridge.
I accidentally cut it open, it was full of gold coins, it's a $2,000 value, just hidden
away in a mattress.
All right, wait a minute, is that, is that allowed?
I mean, I'm not saying that's normal, but that's just my experience.
Oh, okay, yeah, I got a Casper mattress and all of our immigration problems were solved.
Whoa, now we can't say that's connected.
No, no, but it did happen, it did happen, sorry Timmery, we can't have a donation box
at the end of it.
Here's the upshot, Timmer.
If you use the promo code Harmon at checkout at Casper mattress.com, you can get $50 off,
yeah.
You can get $50 off of a 100 day guarantee of a free mattress.
Now that's a good night's sleep, that's also the best invention of 2015.
Wow, Casper, the first name in softness now in ghosts and mattresses.
Yeah, that's Casper.com slash Harmon, Casper.com slash Harmon, over, okay, we're done.
Now, slash Harmon, not Harmon.
So what's your favorite ghosty, Timmer?
Do you like goblins, you like grim reapers, I'm partial to gnolls.
Once again, no comment.
Okay, I mean, it's weird to plead the fifth in an interview, but I don't know which footage
you watched before you came here.
These PR lawyers these days, they're getting in early.
But okay, here's a question for you.
Right, so you're like the pit boss at these things, like at a casino, like you're running
the whole thing, like it's a Timmer production, like you're top dog, right?
No, no, my parents are.
So millennial.
All right.
Well, let me tell you a story about that.
I gave birth to him, so animal, and couldn't get away with killing him, so I dominate
his life.
So this is his thing, and of course we have the ultimate say, but it's like when he invited
all of his school friends to help out, and he was probably like what, 13 or 14, and his
friends, it was supposed to be something that they were, it's going to be something
cool and fun that they do together, but then at a certain point, because Timmer takes his
haunted maze so seriously, they started accusing him of being really bossy.
And you know.
Heavy lies the crown, my friend.
This is why he's no commenting, his enemies are looking for a weakness.
At one point, they started to revolt, and they said they weren't going to put up with
it anymore, and they started to have a skateboard party down in the cul-de-sac.
Season four.
And he came up to me, extremely frustrated, because he wanted his friends to be there
helping him, and they weren't going to have any more of it.
So at that point.
Did they do a Muppet episode?
Yeah.
You don't know how much I share this.
Yes.
Yeah.
I'll bet.
So at that point, I went down there and, you know, called them up, and they were looking
at me like, you know, what are you going to do about it?
Holy shit.
This is crazy, because it's like, that's a haunted house, and then it's like, this is
really scary.
Yes.
It's scary how not scary they're being.
Yeah, they're like, this is like purge anarchy.
Yes.
You got like skulls on their heads, and they're like skateboarding.
Anarchy, they're not doing things to alarm people.
And then Timor said that he wanted to fire them, and they said, you can't fire us, we're
working for free.
Whoa.
And so he said that he would pay them so he could fire them.
Nice.
I can't, this is just, like humanity thinks we have so many levels of sophistication,
and that is just, that's global politics played out, just like, that's it.
Exactly.
Oh, okay, you're a territory.
So at that point, I mean, I kind of asked the guys, I said, let me ask you something.
I said, do you guys want to be a part of something that's really cool, or something that's just
really, really lame?
I said, because you're going to go back to your friends, and they're going to ask you,
they're going to say, man, that haunted maze was really lame.
Or they're going to say, that was really cool.
I didn't understand at first, I thought you were going a different direction, but that's
a lot more encouraging.
Yeah.
It's positive.
You know, and so at that point, they said, we want to be a part of something that's really
cool.
And I said, you know, well, Timor's getting really frustrated, because he's trying to
make this really cool, and he's not getting any help from you.
So then at that point, they all kind of rallied around, and they, you know, started helping
Timor, but so that's, you know, a typical teenage thing.
But it sounds like mainly you went through it, like, you mean, well, he was, he was practically
in tears.
Why?
So.
I doubt that, I'm sure it was fine.
He's probably used to that.
He's watching this all with a cocktail, watching a little window, like Bruce Wayne, yes, let
her have it, mother.
Well, these are all, these are all his best friends.
Well, there's Morgan Freeman comes in and goes, sir, we found a new way to scare people.
Let's take a look, Lucius.
Where's your mother?
She's out talking to the riffraff.
Well, here's what I was going to ask you.
So you're the boss, and I get it now, like saying yes to that is like, yeah, of course,
you got to, you got to, you got to say, well, you know, creator is a myth, really.
It's a collaboration, I get it.
But the, God damn it, I'm always distracting myself.
When the show is actually going, when the thing is running full swing, what do you prefer
to do?
Do you walk around like Robert De Niro in Casino, like observing, or do you actually immerse
yourself in like one jack-o'-lantern?
Well, well, I'll stand in the front in the beginning, and then I'll wait there until
my ADHD kicks in, and then I'll go back and start scaring people.
That's what Dan does, except I give myself ADHD with a drug called Adderall because I
don't have ADHD, except don't tell my doctor that.
But yeah, so you say, wait, so you go scare people, but what do you do, or do you just
grab a dull machete and just wander, or is there like a spot you like?
I just go to whatever spots open, so depending on the night, how many actors, if we're short
on actors, I'll just stay and like help scare, but for good on actors, I usually stay down
until I get bored.
Stay down like in front.
I like help out, like, oh, you go ahead, wait here, or go.
So surely there's been like, okay, there's been some mishaps, right?
Somebody, has there been complaints, or somebody went through, they're dissatisfied?
Yeah, there's been a few of those that I actually remember the first, maybe like the third year
we were into it, there were like maybe five or six of us actors, and then I remember there
were these little kids that came up and they came down, and then we didn't establish at
the time where we could stop scaring people, like, so.
They didn't establish what the safety zone is, yes.
So a couple of my actors, a couple of my actors start scaring these little girls, and then
they start running down the street, and we're in a cul-de-sac, so it's like we're out, and
I assume like right after you exit, that's it, but then they start chasing them all the
way down the street and I'm like, and come on, these are little girls, six and seven,
come on.
Well, you know, I was going to say the other thing about running to Haun and Mays is, you
know, when he was younger, like eleven or twelve years old, you know, it was actually
quite cute, and people would say, oh, you know, this is really good, but then at a certain
point when he got older, it started getting really scary, and we actually had one parent
who was throwing a party and brought his whole party of kids to the Haun and Mays, and because
that was a year where it was kind of the turning point, and things had gotten really scary,
and a couple of his actors chased this party all the way down the street, and the kids
got really scared, and the parent came back and said, he goes, you know what?
He says, I have a couple of girls crying here, he says they're going to go back home, terrorized,
he says, and you guys, you need to establish a safety zone, but he was right, he was right.
I guess he's right, but I hate him.
No, he's right.
We all hate him right now.
He was right, unless it was one of your kids.
If we were him, if he was humanized, we would be back.
If it was one of his kids.
Yes, if he had a kid, and it came out.
Oh, well it was.
Yeah, and you know what, he was right, and so at that point, we had to establish some
rules for the actors, like you don't go down the steps, and, you know, so, I mean, it's
interesting because as Timor's gotten older, you know, and things getting scarier, there's
a lot of things that a person doesn't have to, you never consider when a kid is younger,
and it's kind of cute, you know?
It's a whole area I'd never go into, because when I go to haunted houses, it's usually,
it's like, it's a whole game of like, I don't want to, who I'm with, I don't want to miss
out on stuff, and then, so everyone's going to do this thing, but I genuinely like, I
have a really low threshold, and I, you know, my therapist says, I startle easily for various
reasons, she gave me a license to be easily startled, like, you know, and I get scared
like, if my girlfriend's in the bathroom and she's brushing her teeth, and I go, are you
almost ready?
Yeah, I'm just brushing my teeth, and then I'll like, go and pick up a sock, and if I
turn around, and then she's not in the bathroom, but she's in the living room, and I hear her
voice from the wrong room, I'll go, it's not even seeing anybody, I'll just like, if someone
passes the salt, and then it's where it's not supposed to be, yeah, like I have this
like visceral reaction, so what I'm saying is, because of that, knowing that people are
coming through, they have all these different relationships with being scared, some people
are like, I have, in my wildest dreams, I've lived this punk rock haunted house where people
chased me all the way down the street, because fuck this, like, marching dimes, bullshit,
you know, like, you know, like, this is, but you're an adult.
This is like, mon-pop punk rock, and sometimes you pay to get scared, yeah, and it's like
Tabasco sauce, it's like, I want to burn my tongue, I know it's not real, I want to feel
like it's on fire, exactly, and then it's like, my little girl got scared, you need
a highway cone to establish, and then everyone's like, well, you know what's interesting is
we have little kids that are so brave, and we have adults that are crying, so, you know,
there is, there is that.
That's gonna be neat, I just, here's what I do, I just, I'll just like, I yelp at like
a high-pitched scream, like, when anyone scares me, like, anything that's not supposed to
be where it is, I go, and it'll scare other people, and then I feel, and then they scare
me, because they're screaming, like, I stay away from haunted houses, so I'm gonna, but
I think it's a smart thing to have, like, the kiddie time, where, like, what do you do
when you scare a little kid, what are the, what's the difference between scaring a kid
and scaring a, when you, you do it, you have little kid, what, what, what, what, give us
some examples of how to choke up on the scaring bat?
A year or two back, we tried to do this thing called the pumpkins in the goblin, so if there's
a little kid going through, we'd call them the pumpkins, so that would mean you don't
scare them as much, but if we say goblins, then the actors know to step up their game,
but...
So you're, you're calling that a head, we got two pumpkins coming, yeah, yeah, yeah,
it was, it was a nightmare trying to get it all figured out, but we stopped that, and
we figured out the six to seven...
Yeah, that makes more sense, because pumpkins are gonna come with goblins, you know, and
so what are you supposed to do, two pumpkins, three goblins, three, said three goblins,
The one pumpkin is, like, yeah, it has PTSD, you know what I'm saying.
Boy, all right, so commitment is a theme, terror, hierarchy, a weird, fun blend of these
phrases, helicopter, mothering, and also, but you're turning them loose, like you're
letting them explore his inner Ted Bundy, like you're, you're, you're going like, okay,
so you love, you love this, this haunted house thing, but then you're like down there doing
labor relations with, for him.
No, the only time I show up is actually on Halloween.
Do you got, do you and Dan, your, your husband, do you, do you, do you guys, actually, do
you go check into a hotel while he does the haunted house because the, the sound or?
No, we actually are there because a lot of times I'll take our dog down for all the little
kids that get scared and I dress up our dog in a costume and, you know, people show up
with their little kids and then sometimes I'll run the booth and play the scary clown
in the booth, but and Dan helps him build it sometimes, but really Timor and his friends
are the ones that build all of it and what are the, what are the, what are the, what
are the do's and don'ts, okay, creatively, haunted house craftsmanship, what's hack,
you know what hack means, like explain, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, uh, uh,
catch penny, pure isle, 2000 and late, like, like, it's what, it's what the amateurs do.
That's like Bush League, like, like, easy shortcut, like, like, like, even if it does
get a reaction, it's like, oh, but that's like, not, that's not like what a good haunted
house guy does.
Well, one of my main things is I make sure, since I don't know how all my actors are acting
wise, I make sure they all have a mask on there.
I'm not letting them try to explore their acting skills here, no offense to my actors.
So everyone is dehumanized and controllable, an opportunity for body work.
Yeah.
Well, yeah.
Well, it keeps them interchangeable.
No one can make an argument that's like, look, I'm Damien, you know, they're coming
for me the way I scare them with my eyebrows.
Well, you know, what's funny too is that, um, tomorrow would get really, really frustrated
because he would, when a cute girl would come through the haunted maze, he would get mad
because his actors, which are his friends, would not stay in character.
Yeah.
One of my friends like, you're hot.
It's like, come on, bro.
Yes.
Well, no, that is just another form of terror.
Yeah.
That's the haunted house she's trying to escape.
Right.
A haunted house with a glass ceiling.
Oh, well, I mean, they're 16 there.
I mean, yeah, I mean, I learned to visit 42.
And it was only to try to not get booed on my podcast.
I wasn't because I was a evolved person.
I just figured out that women have a hard time.
Um, uh, the, uh, so, all right, so, so that's, well, that's interesting.
So that's a, that's a note like, don't, don't, don't, you know, it's a selfless job scaring
people at a haunted house.
You don't get to like, same would go for, uh, uh, someone writing a parking ticket or
a judge or anything else.
You're an impersonal cosmic force, if you're not a hack, you're going to, you're going
to stick to your role and rev your prop, uh, chainsaw.
And it doesn't matter if like a redhead comes through, you're not going to try to impress
her.
Yeah.
Well, I feel like if, if you're wearing a mask, you don't have to be self-conscious
that someone will identify you or something.
So you have a mask on.
So you hear that kids that just, just words to live by.
Um, but, uh, yeah, yeah, so, uh, uh, okay, so what, what, what, what are, what are your
rules on touching?
Uh, well, I have a sign outside that says actors won't touch you and you don't touch
them.
Okay.
So here's the thing, such a relief, like, I, I, like, like when I see that I'm like,
yeah, well good, I guess, but at the same time, something in the back of my brain is
like, well, but now.
Like, like, do you, did you ever struggle with that?
Did, did you, in your career from 12 to 16, was there a time when that sign had to go
up or did you, did your philosophy change where people like grabbing people's shirts
or anything?
Well, I was never a fan.
I know there's those haunted houses that grab me or like feet or ankles or whatever
they touch you.
I'm not a big fan of that.
It's New York shit.
Yeah.
Sort of Dino goes, like you grab their feet.
Dungeons.
Yeah.
But so you, you are never a fan.
You're like, you're like, I like, like, but so what's your favorite, like, like, I don't
know, I'm trying to think like, like, like, is it like, is your bag of tricks primarily
based on like, I'm walking and I can't see everything.
And then just a dude jumps out, like from behind something.
I hate to sound like a demeaning your profession, like, like I'm from boiling it down to something.
But there's, because there's also like, I don't know, like, hands reaching through things.
Why am I pretending I'm an expert in what you do?
You'll have to come through, Dan.
I'm going to come through, but with the, during the kitty hour, and I'm going to, I'm going
to periscope the whole time so that it is so that if I, if I, if I, if I shriek, I can
sell it, I can sell it, but, but, but, but is it like, you don't want to answer that
because then you'll be like, that'll be giving away your recipe.
So, wait, are you asking me, eat the mic, tell, he'll tell us the secrets?
Well, if the darker it is, the better.
So, um, if someone's not wearing a mask and it's dark, it's better and like, um, okay,
let's, okay, never, never mind, never mind.
It's all good.
All right.
Hey, it's hard.
It's hard to be up here.
He's doing a great job.
He's all doing a great job.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Well, also, also it can be kind of hard trying to get people, uh, to come because we live
at a, on the end of a very, uh, at the end of a cul-de-sac.
And tell, tell me how you did it.
This year, we've got it, something that will catch your attention for sure.
For sure.
Shit.
I don't know.
Are you guys really hurting for traffic?
I mean, how, like, that's the other thing.
What about bandwidth?
Oh, if there's two cars on the, on the cul-de-sac, you have traffic already.
Yeah.
Right.
But I'm saying, I'm saying like foot traffic going through your haunted house, like, are
you really craving?
Do you, how, how much do you think you can handle?
Uh, well, we have, um, like, security guards slash, like, they help, like, when the people
come through.
You can scare people.
You can turn around a lot of scaring people per minute.
Yeah, I think so.
Because if we're plugging your haunted house, we're plugging my house because of my neighbor.
I just realized that.
That's the scariest thing of all, is that I'm going to have just people in my kitchen.
Uh, uh, but that's fine.
There'll be fans and that'll be fine.
Uh, but, but, but, we thought, we thought you could dress up as the psycho woman and
from your window.
We, well, that's something, you know, I never even, like, dress up like a granny or your
mom.
Well, that can help me, that can help me, like, uh, like cope with my, like, if I just
played a part at the haunted house, if I just, or is that cheating, that's cheating.
Look up at you and you'd be in your window doing this.
I need to, oh, oh, like, play it from my house.
I could just, like, I could just do weird things like, like, like, I thought that's
what you were responding positively to.
Yeah.
I was thinking about being down there and just being like a mummy that goes like, no, you
can stay in your house, and I just keep, I just keep going like, I can't figure out
my third act, bang, over and over, like, fade in on the, bang, daddy, why, why, no, shut
up, it's for you, uh, like, it's just like weird shit going on, like, silhouettes and
like, yeah.
To more, tell them how you would get people over to your haunted maze.
Uh, I had an idea one year to make cards, business cards, so we make them, design them,
then hand them out to people at school, and then I give a bunch, so I have a bunch of friends
that come to work in the haunted house that don't go to my school, so I have friends from
all these different schools, so I give them cards, and they hand them out to all the people
at their school, and then the work travels.
And then you had flyers, and where would all, you and all your friends go?
Stores, and more people, and then elementary schools, and then the other thing they would
do is they would go door knocking, inviting people to come.
So listening, you're knocking on the door going like, would you like to have a shit
scared out of you?
Yes, yes.
I'm thinking Thursday.
Uh, yeah, well, I mean, well, we can, it's early, the point was to bring you in early
because I wanted to showcase, because if it was October, and I was like, this guy's working
on a haunted house, it'd be like, who cares?
It's weird, in a good way, to be 16 and be in your fourth year of this level of commitment
to haunted house-ery, you're supposed to be so distracted by some of those people walking
through there that you spend the next five to eight years living in an existential vacuum
and thinking everyone's robots, and just going like this on a typewriter, doing derivative
things, but really just fantasizing about, like, this asphyxiation.
That would be normal, and listening to a lot of inexassed Phil Collins, Jane's Addiction,
and, uh, uh, Shanaid O'Connor, like, like, sprinkled in there.
Well, you know, one of the things that we thought, because he starts in May, it's basically,
he starts when school lets out.
And so he would always, you know, I would tell him, I said, Timor, I said, you know
what, I want my yard for barbecues, and he would always say, Mom, I'm already behind
schedule!
So, you know, while other people are going to pool parties and barbecues, Timor is working
on his haunted maze.
Well, people are living a normal life, I'm working on the haunted house.
When does business start?
When does it go up?
Um, I'm always bad with times, though.
Me too.
Maybe that's part of the appeal, because you're like, I know what time it is now, it's Halloween
time.
It starts the second Friday of October.
Second Friday of October.
And then Friday, Saturday.
Who's going to forget that?
You know, we got some more, we got some more bookkeeping to take care of.
Steve wants us to plug something.
Can we do that?
Is that okay?
Yeah, that's...
Steve, you plug it.
Come out here, Steve.
Come out here.
Steve texted me like 10 minutes ago, we got to plug this thing.
You fucking do it.
I don't...
All right, well, because we had Michael Christian on the show in San Francisco.
The lost episode.
It's a lost episode, and he was plugging an event, and I told him that we would plug
it.
Of course.
Well, yeah.
Michael Christian does...
It's friendsforbenefits.org.
That's it.
And what's the event that they're doing?
In November, they're doing an Avatar the Last Airbender and Legend of Korra event in San
Francisco at the JCC.
The tickets are on sale at friendsforbenefits.org.
They're going to have Janet Varney, who's the voice of Korra, Mindy Sterling, who's
Lynn Bayfong, Dante Bosco, who's Zuko, and John Michael Higgins, who is Varick.
Yeah, man.
And they're going to do...
If you got a...
Yeah, friendsforbenefits.org.
Michael Christian.
That's a good cause.
Like, he...
Yeah, it's such a goddamn crime, my French man, Lindy.
Inspiring.
And then to the Bay area, I mean, he has...
I think it's a relative of ALS, or if it's not...
It's complicated, but it's that debilitating, but for him, way more congenital.
Stephen Hawking got to hang out and party in college, and then one day started to find
out he had this thing that was like...
Michael's wheelchair bound and has this fancy super villain wheelchair, and his whole life
is like doing this foundation, this thing where he's coordinating, connecting people
that affect people with charities that can use that attention to benefit people that
need benefits.
And he was there at the...
I know it's kind of meta.
He runs a charity for charities, basically, but it's actually well needed.
We did a show in San Francisco.
It was an amazing interview.
We dragged him all the way out into the woods, and he has this crazy electric wheelchair,
and it was a real nightmare to get him there, and then we lost his episode, and it was terrible.
We really fucked up.
We're sorry, Michael.
We're making it right.
Avatar's great.
We're not making it right, but we're...
No, we're making it right.
It's great.
I did a great job.
It's a great show.
Everybody clap.
I was just going to say, I wanted to check in this early because you guys should come
back sometime in October because I want to follow the Howard Hughes journey of this pursuit
of haunted house perfection.
We're going to check back in with you guys in October, right, before the haunted house
goes up.
Preferably, if there's a show before the lights go on, before...
I don't want to talk to you...I'll take anything, but I don't want to...I'd like to not talk
to you after it's in full swing.
You'll be busy then anyway.
I would like to...it would be nice if there's a show right before the big, like...
Absolutely.
That would be nice.
I want you at your highest level of anxiety, like where you're like, I don't have time for
this.
I'm going to ask you what's going through your head right now, man.
How do you like your haunted house now, man?
And Dan, there's something I want to give you before we end this.
At what time is it?
Oh, it's time to end this.
This is a great time for this.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Okay.
Let me go get it.
Did you want to do it on...
Okay, all right, yeah.
We'll do a good ending.
Hold on.
Oh, this will be great.
I don't do good endings.
Well, we're about to do a good ending.
I had told Beth I had the gift for her.
Somebody had cross-stitched the thing that said it was a quote from the show.
The Eucalyptus Tree Show, it said, now I can't remember the exact quote.
To be honest, Beth...
This is like cutting.
Let's see here.
We had to remove four Eucalyptus trees.
They were four 100-year-old Eucalyptus trees, and they were right on the border between
Dan's and my house.
We have four young little trees there now.
And this is a cutting from one of the trees that's growing.
And it's a little branch, but I wanted to share it with you, and it's an evergreen.
So I just thought, you know, the four Eucalyptus trees, he was going through his divorce at
the time.
And the trees were kind of an analogy.
Did you know...
Don't be rude.
Did you know some six-billion-year-old organism has been drinking this already?
Did you know Rob Corddry stayed in the Airbnb that's near our place, and he's a fan of the
podcast, and he is therefore a fan of yours.
I don't know if you know who Rob Corddry is, but I'm saying you should be excited.
You don't have to value that.
But it's cool, he's cool and funny and famous, and he was staying at that Airbnb.
And he was listening to those episodes, and he was looking at his Wi-Fi, and it said Harmon
Wi-Fi, because he could see, and then he's like, wait a minute, and then he looked out
the window and there's Eucalyptus tree stumps, and the one that you were referring to that's
in my yard?
Yes.
Anyways, that was exciting.
He's on ballers, HBO's ballers.
There he is.
That's a picture of Rob Corddry.
I remember a daily show.
Well, you know what's funny is on those four Eucalyptus trees, we had stumps that were
really, really big, because they were big trees.
And at one point, like I actually stood on this stump to give you some brownies or pancakes
or something.
Yeah, muffins or something.
Some hot shit.
I ate it.
Yes.
It was good.
So now, then we had the stumps ground, and we were able to plant four little young trees.
And within the stumps, or what, I don't know, sorry?
No, they were able to dig down like two feet down below the ground.
So you got little Eucalyptus babies coming up.
We had a little baby tree that was probably about this big, and now it's probably about
four times the size.
I got to figure, I got to, it's like a joke that I don't care about my other tree.
I got to get this well-respected arborist's number from you to examine my tree.
My therapist calls it self-care.
Oh, okay.
Like she said, why is your right eye red?
And I go, I stayed up all night playing Minecraft.
And she's like, it sounds like you're not happy.
And I said, no, I love Minecraft.
And she said, but what did you do last night in Minecraft?
I said, I don't know.
I was asleep.
So you're playing Minecraft in your sleep.
I'll save it for next episode.
I'm self-destructing, but very happy that Cameron and Ria have their show and that
it's doing well and that it's good and that you're finding your passion.
And you don't have to.
Don't get tricked into it.
You know, some kids, it's like, oh, I love trains.
I'm six years old.
Everybody keeps giving me trains.
And it's like you're locked into this train thing.
Like I always worry about those kids.
Like somebody give this kid a turtle.
Just give him an out.
He's boxed in.
You're 16.
So this could be, we don't know.
It could be your big ass haunted mansion thing where you're like, I've done it.
This is it.
This is my Burt Reynolds boogie nights.
This is the one, let the death of this industry begin.
And you move on to something called hospitality houses, hotels, where when you walk in, you
don't get scared to the point where you're willing to pay $1,000 for a bay view.
That's an idea.
He has no idea what you're talking about when you say Burt Reynolds and boogie nights.
I do well good because, yeah, a certain amount of clarity makes me a criminal, right?
I mean, I didn't say, and I'd never said anyone could bring children to the show.
All right.
Well, so, all right.
So Steve, oh, it's just Steve got this.
All right.
Are you good?
Rap, rap, rap.
What?
You want a rap?
Yeah.
Let's get a rap.
Oh boy.
And while we queue up the beat, come to some of us this Saturday.
It'll be great.
It's a great party.
The meltdown does.
It'll be great.
Pull up the beat.
Let's do it.
Thank you.
Oh, yeah, do some hype, man.
Yeah.
Hype.
MC Harmon at the house, everybody.
Hype it.
Here we go.
Yeah.
He's hyping him.
He's going to drop a beat.
He's going to.
Hype it.
All right.
Here we go.
Let's hand this off to Dan Harmon.
What did he do?
Ham sandwiches.
Two pieces of bread.
That's where it is.
In between with a piece of cheese.
I fucked your mama.
All right.
Yo.
Itsy bitsy spider.
This beat is going wider.
Yo, I got a water spout.
I saw the rain come down and it tried to wash me out, but I rose on up.
me out but I rose on up with all eight of my legs I said you ain't gonna do this I climbed up the pegs
and now I'm four years old but the world is mine I'm gonna rise up just in time to keep the polar
ice caps from finishing watering yo ABCs they're so important just like vitamin C and they out
times tables yo and syrup is maple but you should cut back on your sugar intake and you should learn
how to use a rake because you never know which way the economy goes you might have to do a task
rabbit job or 300 yo yo yo yo yo don't trust the president no matter who they are it's never
revolution unless you're in a cop car yo if it was legal they would take it away
there's no such thing as revolution in the common day if your empire's on top
grab a mop
and a casper mattress lots of comfort in that shit
i got matches a book of matches and match this the casper mattress a sort of
batch this of snatch this i'm pretending to be able to do that it's largely
they got little springs that keep you up at night no this keeping you up at night is bad
on a mattress they keep you up off the floor at night but they keep you in a world of delight
and if you're asleep you can dream better harm it oh sorry yeah what promo code harm it promo code
harm it h to the a r m o n i'm gonna give me $50 off she's sleeping she don't hear it she'll it'll
go into her unconscious she'll end up a serial killer but she'll be a female serial killer and
that's still progressive take my wife you go girl you go go go girl you go you go you go you go
you girl got the g to the i to the i r l in real life a woman is swell she can help you with your
haunted house good job scaring people it's fine i don't have anything to do i'll come by
what did we learn so much tonight what did we learn tonight
what did we learn tonight at 11 what did we learn tonight take a virus what did we learn tonight
see so trial what did we learn tonight originals yo yo yeah yo creepy crawlies nightmares birthday
candles all the all your hairs falling out as you nibble you good night thank you thank you
everybody thanks to the boots and thank you to Cameron and rhea thanks to steve uh zack the
audio maniac dustin margillar producer Kris Boruff and sarah hill anyone else i forgot
thank you so much we'll see you next time and thanks to harry foster for the beat drive fast take
chances
did you get any of that
it's a good show